---
layout: post
title: Unwritten laws !! 
date: 2008-10-29 15:06
comments: true
categories: []
---
<span>1. Lorenz's Law of Mechanical Repair:</span><br /><span><span>After your hands become coated with grease, your nose will begin to itch.</span></span><br /><br /><span>2.Anthony's Law of the Workshop:</span><br /><span>   <span>Any tool, when dropped, will roll to the least accessible corner.</span></span><br /><br /><span>3. Kovac's Conundrum:</span><br /><span><span>When you dial a wrong number, you never get an engaged one.</span></span><br /><br /><span>4. Cannon's Karmic Law:</span><br /><span><span>If you tell the boss you were late for work because you had a flat tyre, the next morning you   will have a flat tyre.</span></span><br /><br /><span>5. O'brien'sVariation Law:</span><br /><span>   <span> If you change queues, the one you have left will start to move faster than the one you are in  now.</span></span><br /><br /><span>6. Bell's Theorem:</span><br /><span><span>When the body is immersed in water, the telephone rings.</span></span><br /><br /><span>7. Ruby'sPrinciple of Close Encounters:</span><br /><span><span>The probability of meeting someone you know increases when you are with someone you don't want to be seen with.</span></span><br /><br /><span>8. Willoughby's Law:</span><br /><span><span>When you try to prove to someone that a machine won't work, it will.</span></span><br /><br /><span>9. Zadra's Law of Biomechanics:</span><br /><span><span>The severity of the itch is inversely proportional to the reach.</span></span><br /><br /><span>10.Breda's Rule:</span><br /><span><span> At any event, the people whose seats are furthest from the aisle arrive last.</span></span><br /><br /><span>11. Owen's Law:</span><br /><span>     <span> As soon as you sit down to a cup of hot coffee, your boss will ask you to do something which will last until the coffee is cold.</span></span><br /><br /><span>12. Howden's Law:</span><br /><span>      <span>You remember you have to mail a letter only when you're near the mailbox.</span></span><br /><br /><span>And the last and best:</span><br /><span>13. Murphy's Law</span><br /><span><span> what has to go wrong will go wrong.</span></span>