---
layout: post
title: Men are Honest even if they lie - An Interesting Story
date: 2008-08-17 12:58
comments: true
categories: []
---
<p>One day, while a woodcutter was cutting a branch of a tree above a river, his axe fell into the river. When he cried out, the Lord appeared and asked, "Why are you crying?"
<br />
<br />The woodcutter replied that his axe has fallen into water, and he needed the axe to make his living.
<br />
<br />The Lord went down into the water and reappeared with a golden axe. "Is this your axe?" the Lord asked..
<br />
<br />The woodcutter replied, "No." 
<br />
<br />The Lord again went down and came up with a silver Axe. "Is this your axe?" the Lord asked.
<br />
<br />Again, the woodcutter replied, "No."
<br />
<br />The Lord went down again and came up with an iron Axe. "Is this your axe?" the Lord asked..
<br />
<br />The woodcutter replied, "Yes." </p>  <p>The Lord was pleased with the man's honesty and gave him all three axes to keep, and the woodcutter went home happy.
<br />
<br />Some time later the woodcutter was walking with his wife along the riverbank, and his wife fell into the river. When he cried out, the Lord again appeared and asked him, "Why are you crying?"
<br />
<br />"Oh Lord, my wife has fallen into the water!"
<br />
<br />The Lord went down into the water and came up with ANGELINA JOLIE "Is this your wife?" the Lord asked.
<br />
<br />"Yes," cried the woodcutter.
<br />
<br />The Lord was furious. "You lied! That is an untruth!"
<br />
<br />The woodcutter replied, "Oh, forgive me, my Lord. It is a misunderstanding. You see, if I had said 'no' to ANGELINA JOLIE , You would have come up with CAMERON DIAZ . Then if I said 'no' to her, you would have come up with my wife . Had I then said 'yes,' you would have given me all three. Lord, I am a poor man, and am not able to take care of all three wives, so THAT'S why I said yes to ANGELINA JOLIE ."
<br />
<br />The moral of this story is: Whenever a man lies, it is for a good and honourable reason, and for the benefit of others. 
<br />
<br />
<br />That's our story, and we're sticking to it! - Story of honorable men....