---
layout: post
title: Don&#039;t Drink and Drive
date: 2008-12-07 10:17
comments: true
categories: []
---
I went to a party Mom,<br />  I remembered what you said.<br />  You told me not to drink, Mom,<br />  So I drank soda instead.<br /><br />  I really felt proud inside, Mom,<br />  The way you said I would.<br />  I didn't drink and drive, Mom,<br />  Even though the others said I should.<br /> <br />  I know I did the right thing, Mom,<br />  I know you are always right..<br />  Now the party is finally ending, Mom,<br />  As everyone is driving out of sight..<br /><br />  As I got into my car, Mom,<br />  I knew I'd get home in one piece.<br />  Because of the way you raised me,<br />  So responsible and sweet.<br /><br /><br />  I started to drive away, Mom,<br />  But as I pulled out into the road,<br />  The other car didn't see me, Mom,<br />  And hit me like a load.<br /><br /><br />  As I lay there on the pavement, Mom,<br />  I hear the policeman say,<br />  "The other guy is drunk," Mom,<br />  And now I'm the one who will pay.<br /><br /><br />  I'm lying here dying, Mom....<br />  I wish you'd get here soon.<br />  How could this happen to me, Mom?<br />  My life just burst like a balloon.<br /><br /><br />  There is blood all around me, Mom,<br />  And most of it is mine.<br />  I hear the medic say, Mom,<br />  I'll die in a short time.<br /><br />  I just wanted to tell you, Mom,<br />  I swear I didn't drink.<br />  It was the others, Mom.<br />  The others didn't think.<br /><br />  He was probably at the same party as I.<br />  The only difference is, he drank<br />  And I will die.<br /><br /><br />  Why do people drink, Mom?<br />  It can ruin your whole life.<br />  I'm feeling sharp pains now.<br />  Pains just like a knife.<br /><br />  The guy who hit me is walking, Mom,<br />  And I don't think it's fair.<br />  I'm lying here dying<br />  And all he can do is stare.<br /><br />  Tell my brother not to cry, Mom.<br />  Tell Daddy to be brave.<br />  And when I go to heaven, Mom,<br />  Put "GOOD BOY " on my grave.<br /><br />  Someone should have told him, Mom,<br />  Not to drink and drive.<br />  If only they had told him, Mom,<br />  I would still be alive.<br /><br />  My breath is getting shorter, Mom.<br />  I'm becoming very scared.<br />  Please don't cry for me, Mom.<br />  When I needed you, you were always there.<br /><br />  I have one last question, Mom.<br />  Before I say good bye.<br />  I didn't drink and drive,<br />  So why am I the one to die?<br /><br />
