---
layout: post
title: What Happens to your Body if you Drink a Coke Right Now
date: 2009-03-23 22:59
comments: true
categories: []
---
<p>Have you ever wondered why Coke comes with a smile? It’s because it gets you high. They took the cocaine out almost a hundred years ago. You know why? It was redundant.</p> <ul><li><strong>In The First 10 minutes:</strong> 10 teaspoons of sugar hit your system. (100% of your recommended daily intake.) You don’t immediately vomit from the overwhelming sweetness because phosphoric acid cuts the flavor allowing you to keep it down.</li><li><strong>20 minutes:</strong> Your blood sugar spikes, causing an insulin burst. Your liver responds to this by turning any sugar it can get its hands on into fat. (There’s <em>plenty </em>of that at this particular moment)</li><li><strong>40 minutes:</strong> Caffeine absorption is complete. Your pupils dilate, your blood pressure rises, as a response your liver >dumps <em>more sugar</em> into your bloodstream. The adenosine receptors in your brain are now blocked preventing drowsiness.</li><li><strong>45 minutes:</strong> Your body ups your dopamine production stimulating the pleasure centers of your brain. This is physically the same way heroin works, by the way.</li><li><strong>&gt;60 minutes:</strong> The phosphoric acid binds calcium, magnesium and zinc your lower intestine, providing a further boost in metabolism. This is compounded by high doses of sugar and artificial sweeteners also increasing the urinary excretion of calcium.</li><li><strong>&gt;60 Minutes:</strong> The caffeine’s diuretic properties come into play. (It makes you have to pee.) It is now assured that you’ll evacuate the bonded calcium, magnesium and zinc that was headed to your bones as well as sodium, electrolyte and water.</li><li><strong>&gt;60 minutes:</strong> As the rave inside of you dies down you’ll start to have a sugar crash. You may become irritable and/or sluggish. You’ve also now, literally, pissed away all the water that was in the Coke. But not before infusing it with valuable nutrients your body could have used for things like even having the <em>ability</em> to hydrate your system or build strong bones and teeth.</li></ul> <p>This will all be followed by a caffeine crash in the next few hours. (As little as two if you’re a smoker.) But, hey, have another Coke, it’ll make you feel better.</p>