---
layout: post
title: Why you should make a bucket list
date: 2012-11-13 12:34
comments: true
categories: [LifeHacks]
---
<br/><br/>Few days back I watched a Movie "bucket list", it was a pretty good movie and the idea has been copied into several languages (Indian version is known as "Dasvidaniya"). it is about having your wishes and fulfilling them. It also gives you motivation to be unconventional. to do something you have dreamt of when you were eight years young and had unrealistic laughable dreams, when i was eight i wanted to be a fighter pilot. later wanted to be an astronaut and so on.
The whole idea behind the bucket list is to rediscover yourself and work towards the goals which you always wanted to achieve as a child and do that one step at a time. Here is my bucket list more will be added to it.<br/><br/>
<div class="highlight">
<ol>
<li> Sky Diving, Scooba Diving</li>
<li> Travel across the world</li>
<li> Living a Minimalist Life (Maximum 10 Items)</li>
<li> Spending a week without money and other necessities</li>
<li> Educating an unprivileged child</li>
<li> Meet Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee, Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam</li>
<li> Climb a Volcano, Travel to Antarctica</li>
<li> <strike>Meet Field Marshal SHFJ Manekshaw </strike>(Unfortunately He Passed Away in Jun 2008)</li>
<li> Own a Stock Brokerage Firm</li>
<li> Start An Educational Institution</li>
<li> Work in a Non Profit </li>
<li> Join Politics</li>
<li> Fall in Love</li>
<li> White Water Rafting</li>
<li> Bungee Jumping from a Cliff</li>
<li> Run a Complete Marathon</li>
<li> Complete a Four Deserts Race</li>
<li> Own a Library</li>
<li> Direct a Movie</li>
<li> A 1000+ Km Road Trip By Bike</li>
<li> Give a TED Talk</li>
<li> Appear on the Cover of TIME Magazine</li>
</ol>
</div>
<br/><br/>
Do ping me, if you think i can help you with your list.