---
layout: post
title: Starting Out
date: 2012-04-06 08:57
comments: true
categories: [LifeHacks]
---
One thing that intrigues me a lot is the ability of the people to settle into their comfort zone and live a mediocre life. every person i meet wants to get out of this rat race and create something or do something on their own. And when you ask them the reason, why they stick to their current life. they can come up with a million reasons like lack of money, once i gather some cash i will start, or it is easier said than done, i can't give up my job for my family blah blah blah.

Well i don't blame people who love to stay into mediocrity or are happy from their paid jobs, i have seen really brilliant people in my office who if they want can get into the startup route and break free of the cubicle route. Recently I went to appathon where we had to create apps for windows phone. I did not had any idea how to create apps for any phone, but i just had an idea about what i wanted to create. I wrote a plan how i wanted to achieve it and started by the writing hello world program in c#. and then we worked out solutions for various problems which we encountered and finally were ready with the app. although unfortunately we could not be there for the showcase as i had to move for an urgent task which came up while developing. but the lesson i learnt was if you want to create something just go ahead and do it. don't have any apprehensions everything will start working out once you get started. and now since i have started this. i wish you well to get started on the way to realize your dreams. and we can update each other as we proceed further.

Till then, Keep Evolving...
